{"en":"So great is our passion for doing things for ourselves,  that we are becoming increasingly less dependent on specialized labour. ^ ","ch":"现在我们自己动手做事的热情很高， 结果对于专业工人的依赖越来越少了。  "}
{"en":"No one can plead ignorance of a subject any longer,  for there are countless do-it-yourself publications. ^ ","ch":"由于出版了不计其数的教人自己动手做事的书报杂志， 没有人再能说对某事一无所知。  "}
{"en":"Armed with the right tools and materials,  newlyweds gaily embark on the task of decorating their own homes. ^ ","ch":"新婚夫妇找来合适的工具和材料， 喜气洋洋地开始布置新房。  "}
{"en":"Men,  particularly,  spend hours of their leisure time installing their own fireplaces,  laying out their own gardens; ^ ","ch":"特别是男人， 常利用空闲时间安装壁炉、布置花园、建造车库、制作家具。  "}
{"en":"building garages and making furniture.  Some really keen enthusiasts go so far as to build their own computers. ^ ","ch":"有些热衷于自己动手的人甚至自己组装电脑。  "}
{"en":"Shops cater for the do-it-yourself craze not only by running special advisory services for novices, ^ ","ch":"为了满足自己动手热的需要， 商店不仅为初学者提供专门的咨询服务，  "}
{"en":"but by offering consumers bits and pieces which they can assemble at home. ^ ","ch":"而且为顾客准备了各种零件， 供他们买回家去安装。  "}
{"en":"Such things provide an excellent outlet for pent up creative energy,  but unfortunately not all of us are born handymen. ^ ","ch":"这些东西为人们潜在的创造力提供了一个绝妙的用武之地。 但不幸的是， 我们并非人人都是能工巧匠。  "}
{"en":"Some wives tend to believe that their husbands are infinitely resourceful and can fix anything. ^ ","ch":"妻子常常认为她们的丈夫无比聪明能干。  "}
{"en":"Even men who can hardly drive a nail in straight are supposed to be born electricians,  carpenters,  plumbers and mechanics. ^ ","ch":"甚至那些连一枚钉子都钉不直的男人都被认为是天生的电工、木匠、水管工和机械师。  "}
{"en":"When lights fuse,  furniture gets rickety,  pipes get clogged,  or vacuum cleaners fail to operate, ^ ","ch":"每当电灯保险丝烧断、家具榫头松动、管道堵塞、吸尘器不动时，  "}
{"en":"some woman assume that their husbands will somehow put things right. ^ ","ch":"有些妻子认为丈夫总有办法。  "}
{"en":"The worst thing about the do-it-yourself game is that sometimes even men live under the delusion that they can do anything,  even when they have repeatedly been proved wrong. ^ ","ch":"自己动手的例子中最糟糕的是， 有时甚至是男人尽管接连失败却还误以为自己什么都行，  "}
{"en":"Last spring my wife suggested that I call in a man to look at our lawn mower. ^ ","ch":"今年春天， 妻子让我请人检查一下我家的割草机。  "}
{"en":"It had broken down the previous summer,  and though I promised to repair it,  I had never got round to it. ^ ","ch":"那台割草机去年夏天就坏了， 尽管我答应修， 但一直没抽出时间，  "}
{"en":"I would not hear of the suggestion and said that I would fix it myself. ^ ","ch":"我不愿听妻子的建议， 说我自己会修。  "}
{"en":"One Saturday afternoon,  I hauled the machine into the garden and had a close look at it. ^ ","ch":"一个星期六的下午， 我把割草机拉到了花园里， 仔细检查了一番。  "}
{"en":"As far as I could see,  it needed only a minor adjustment: ^ ","ch":"在我看来， 只需稍加调整即可。  "}
{"en":"a turn of a screw here,  a little tightening up there,  a drop of oil and it would be as good as new. ^ ","ch":"这儿紧紧螺丝， 那儿固定一下， 再加几滴油， 就会像新的一样了。  "}
{"en":"Inevitably the repair job was not quite so simple. ^ ","ch":"事实上， 修理工作远不是那么简单。  "}
{"en":"The mower firmly refused to mow,  so I decided to dismantle it. ^ ","ch":"修完后割草机还是纹丝不动。 于是， 我决定把它拆开。  "}
{"en":"The garden was soon littered with chunks of metal which had once made up a lawn mower. ^ ","ch":"一会儿工夫， 割草机便被拆成一个个金属零件， 乱七八糟地堆在花园里。  "}
{"en":"One of the links in the chain that drives the wheels had snapped. ^ ","ch":"驱动轮子的链条断了一节。  "}
{"en":"After buying a new chain I was faced with the insurmountable task of putting the confusing jigsaw puzzle together again. ^ ","ch":"我买来一根新链条后， 面临的就是如何把这些令人眼花缭乱的拼板重新组装起来。  "}
{"en":"I was not surprised to find that the machine still refused to work after I had reassembled it, ^ ","ch":"等我装完后， 那台割草机仍然一动不动， 对此我倒并不感到吃惊。  "}
{"en":"for the simple reason that I was left with several curiously shaped bits of metal which did not seem to fit anywhere. ^ ","ch":"原因很简单， 因为还剩下几个形状奇特的零件似乎哪里也装不上去。  "}
{"en":"When my wife nagged me to do something about it,  I told her that either I would have to buy a new mower or let the grass grow. ^ ","ch":"妻子喋喋不休让我想点办法。 我告诉她， 要么买一台新割草机， 要么让草长下去。  "}
{"en":"Needless to say our house is now surrounded by a jungle. ^ ","ch":"不用说， 我家现在已被丛林包围。  "}
{"en":"Buried somewhere in deep grass there is a rusting lawn mower which I have promised to repair one day. ^ ","ch":"深草丛中的某个地方有一台正在生锈的割草机， 那就是我曾答应某日要修理的割草机。  "}